---
layout: post
title: 'Slaying the top 2000'
tags: [slayer]
---

For nearly 20 years now, the NPO2's top 2000 marathon radio program has been a staple of a Dutch new year's eve. Remarkably,
last year's edition was listened to by **11.3** million people, or some 76% of the population aged 10 or older. In comparison, King Willem-Alexander's 2017 christmas address drew a mere 1-1.5 million viewers.

pic of willem


The mere suggestion of manipulating the results of this list drew a good friend to describe it as a sacred national institution, and that anything of the sort would be akin to high treason.



Don't get me wrong, the idea behind the top 2000 is pretty compelling and wholesome, but to be frank, the top of this list has met with little variation since it's inception. Indeed, anyone who knows anything about this list, knows that Queen's *Bohemian Rhapsody* has been in the number 1 spot almost every single time, otherwise taking second place. This being the crown jewel of repetition, the top 10 is otherwise populated by songs that you also loved to hear, the first 14 times you heard them. Such hotel-lobby bangers as *Hotel California*, *Piano Man*, and *November Rain* all tend to come back, year after year.

Enter Slayer. A band whose reputation precedes it as one of the heaviest, fastest, and most sonically abraisive acts in modern music. Celebrated by metalheads of all cultures and origins as one of the groups to have established the thrash metal movement, their music has arguably inspired an entire generation of musicians, and united lovers of heavy music all over the globe.




Why not try and take the #1 spot away from Freddie, and see if we could celebrate everything Slayer has done in the year that they choose to hang up their guitars?



## The Plan

There are arguably several different ways to approach this problem--
