---
layout: post
title: Bartnet, and how it works
tags: [hydejack]
---

Putting aside the 'how' for a second, why does this page exist? Why do blogs exist at all? Is it really necessary for every single person to air out their metaphorical dirty laundry on the internet, for all to see?

 Surely enlightenment can be sought elsewhere, from sources more credible than the recalcitrant braincells that choose to always sit at the back of the bus. Instead, you could read a book or newspaper, or perhaps even attempt to decipher a dirty handkerchief.

 A power inside compels us, for whatever reason, to share our experiences with the world; some to teach, some to persuade, and some to entertain.

## How it works

This site is run using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), a simple site generation platform written in ruby, that works great for static sites such as blogs. While being easy to use and update, one of the best features is arguably that you can host a website in one click on Github Pages, as they offer a built in Jekyll page builder.

Credit where credit is due, styling of this page is run off of a template called [*Hydejack*](https://hydejack.com), made by the talented qwtel.

The page is run out of two repositories, one for development and one for deployment, so that it can be edited from virtually anywhere as long as I have access to the internet.

The development repository contains everything needed to build the site, including all markdown files, stylesheets, javascript etc. The static site files are generated using these, and then moved to the deployment repository which houses just the generated static site files. Github automatically builds and hosts the site from the static files.


Ideas for posts:

- Chess WC battle
- Ardea GM
- Myanmar metals writeup
